# CS340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The best way to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is to employ the best practices of coding such as commenting and if possible breaking code up into indented sections that are labeled with comments. Commenting on code helps you organize your code and keep your thoughts all in one place, it also helps if somebody else ever has to correct (or edit) your code as they can easily find the section(s) they wish to edit.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scientist attention to detail is important as you may miss something simple that can mean the world of difference in your project. There are also tons of resources available for the computer science field with many real world people who could help with any issues you may have. With that being said, research is crucial to solving problems in the computer science field. For this assignment I did more research than the other assignments (unfortunately I was not able to complete it on time however, I did gain a lot of knowledge on the subject).

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
There are many different aspects to the computer science field such as software engineering. Some computer science fields incorporate full stack development all in one team. My work on this type of project can help a company as I could be an addition to the team working on said project (and with more practice of course, I could do it ideally by myself if need be).
